feat:Adding the project structure (#18)
mlsanigeria/speak-to-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

The project is structured as follows:
- **speech_to_docs**: This is the main directory for the project.

> - **speech_to_docs/src**: This directory contains all the files that will be used for training the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **speech_to_docs/src**: This directory contains all the files that will house all the functionalities of the project: Speech transcription and synthesis, RAG Model Solution and document reading.

```
